use stringUnEscape in add_replace_strs method (#9332)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_3_14.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> Fixed an issue in the debug logger output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved sensitive data masking in the logger object.
```

Reviewer: @amshamah419  what do you think?

Author: @amshamah419 can you approve?
